API-1893: Add guided tutorial "How to retrieve PIM structure" (#675)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/apps/how-to-retrieve-pim-structure.md

# How to retrieve PIM structure

> Retrieve the PIM Structure through a Channel resource. This is usually the required step before starting reading the PIM catalog data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the PIM structure through a channel resource. This is usually the required step before starting to read the PIM catalog data.
```
Grammarly :)

> # How to retrieve PIM structure

Reviewer: The content is not up-to-date. See the Notion for modification

## Context

The channel resource holds the basic PIM structure data.

![relationship schema](../../img/getting-started/synchronize-pim-products/step-1-objects-relationship-schema.svg)

:::tips
Get the big picture <a href="https://api.akeneo.com/getting-started/synchronize-pim-products-6x/step-0.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">here</a>.
:::

## Fetch the PIM structure

### 0. Setup the client for API

If you haven't set your client yet, please:
- Install Guzzle by following the <a href="https://docs.guzzlephp.org/en/stable/overview.html#installation" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">official documentation</a>
- Set your client for querying Akeneo API as follows:

```php

$pimUrl = 'https://url-of-your-pim.com';
$appToken = 'your_app_token'; // Token provided during oAuth steps

$client = new \GuzzleHttp\Client([
    'base_uri' => $pimUrl,

> 		'headers' => ['Authorization' => 'Bearer ' . $appToken],

Author: spacing to fix
